---
layout: post
title: Welcome
subtitle: Welcome to the Morrowind Mushroom
gh-repo: lucevar/lucevar.github.io
gh-badge: [star, fork, follow]
tags: [welcome]
---

Welcome to the website! Most of the content is in the lists linked above.  

I have three styles of lists.  

**Curated / Guides**:  
The first is a curated style, where I recommend mods that I've tested and know work well together. All the mods I list in these should be compatible with each other, unless I specifically note otherwise.  

**Mod List for Beginners** - exactly what it says on the tin! A fairly basic set of mods that covers most of the major grievances with Morrowind without diverging from the vanilla style. Good for new players or experienced modders who want a solid start to a new install.  

**Semi-Curated / Lists**:  
Semi-curated means that I can't personally vouch for every mod included, but I've either played it or heard good things. The criteria for inclusion are much broader than for my curated lists.  

**Factions** - a list of mods that enhance the gameplay, roleplay, or graphical experience of being a member of one of Morrowind's many factions.  

**Uncurated Lists / Catelogues**:  
The point of my catelogues is to list every available mod in that category, to create an overview of what mods are available. I don't make a judgement on quality - if I'm aware that a mod is broken I do my best to point it out in the notes, however.  

**Dungeons** - a list of mods that improve Morrowind's existing dungeons or add new dungeons. Quest mods which just happen to include a dungeon (ie where the dungeon isn't the focus of the mod) are usually not included.  

**MWSE / MGE Mods** - a list of mods that rely on the Morrowind Script Extender or the Morrowind Graphics Extender. 
